in life there are usually three types of
people those who are charged with something
possible and finally it returns to
disposition that is prevalent in the
eggs but the ancients or the people who
has experience is the people who are going to
have to go outside in the
organizations or in institutions
there are other types of people very
predictable that is the one that is asked
something possible and get something possible is
the one who walks on the roads that
other paths but there are a few there
those few that are the ones that are asked
impossible
clay and achieve and make it possible those
few think different those few use
different tools among the good
negotiators today I want to talk about
negotiation secrets for sale no club
consultants for 40 years one of
the programs that we have sold the most is
the negotiation negotiation issue in
Negotiation sales in purchase in that
partnership in management and today I want
talk about negotiation
10 negotiator secrets in sales
interesting for your exploration and for
that work almost always in sales is
the price the problem that brings us to
discuss analyze and sometimes a
impediment to generalize but this
that we can talk about in price can be
talk in any kind of resources or
items that secret business number one
ask for more and you will get more in the world of
sales is frequent that the seller before
the pressure he has had with clients
again and again begin to meditate and
wear your price and instead of starting
at a high price to be able to give a
discount almost always starts with the
Lowest
thinking that it will facilitate
sale and it's like life if one asks for more
he has room to negotiate and withdraw
a little if you ask for the minimum necessary already
there is no where to be for why he asks
plus
2 the knowledge and conviction of
your cause is your strength to defend your
pose if you are not convinced of
your thoughts if you do not believe in what
you're considering and do not do people
is going to realize that it has no firm
that thought that you do not believe in what
you say that you are not truly
involved and engaged in this
secret 3 the great power is in your mind
is in the attitude in your way of seeing you
how they see you they treat you like you leave
to treat is about 4 knowledge for
negotiate if you need to have many
knowledge that the
competition how much are you worth my
costs when the other one needs it
is in a gene better knowledge we
allows us to move our
negotiation variables with much more
people
secret number 5 do not create all the garbage
that they are going to tell you in the world of
negotiations and in the world of the people
the way we do that people
move towards where we want is giving the
information that sometimes is not as accurate
nor correct therefore a good
negotiator is skeptical in the
negotiation good information good
decision bad information bad decision
and do not create all the garbage that you are going to
say there are many things that are
saying simply to demerit your
product that mentar of offer so that
press and you do not have my case that the
processes
to search
for the concept of negotiation is unique
is for people who want not to go
the roads that are already doing
new roads and therefore has
thoughts different than normal 6 the
time management the final thing is
momentary that today I told you that if it is not
that I'm always going to say yes
today I told you that no
it's not that I'm always going to tell you that
when you see an ad on TV
now they say good this advertising is
valid until the next few days to vote
existence and many times when you see that
ad repeats repeats repeats
another that has a deadline
the deadline is important so that
people move towards action but
things change with what today was
allowed tomorrow not necessarily
allow 7 you have to give concessions
so that the other feels important
to give you satisfaction is not what
important what you give but how you go
the secret of price negotiation and
in elements is to cry when you're
giving or giving away if you give up easy
another will think that it has no value or
that you have a lot
if you give away little and make it feel like
very important what are you giving the
another is going to evaluate and it's not going to pressure you
more to give me more discount or better
I try because I feel that I can not give
plus the 8 important one works with the
time in favor not against the one that has
urgency always has to pay more no
you press with the clock
plan well to work on time and
then you will not have when the other one already
think that it will not reach two meters and
you put the possibility is it is going to
give our concessions 9 when already
is closing the operation summarizes ponte
agree the agreements and documentary or
in the negotiations we see many
many many possibilities proposals
alternate paths and everyone stays
with the idea of ​​what I speak and the
problem is that in the end there has to be
a landing in which the agreements were
these and therefore these agreements
we stay and operate and finally the good
remember that you have the rights that
it gives us assertiveness and those of being
human in the world selling the first
right is to be persistent to call
again and again and again without being annoying
but if they persist you have the right to
to be human of being wrong
always correct and do not mark that
has a gift is a right to verify
the information if you understand these you
you will give respect will be firm in your
decisions and you will do better business
at the end of the negotiation program we
look for a lot of taste
a story about the one who
he gains victory over the other is strong
he who gains victory over himself
same is foolish two fingers that
gets victory over another has
proved that he is strong but he who
he gets victory over himself is
almighty to that victory before a
rival of same conditions oneself
that knows you the tricks yourself that
He knows how to defend oneself
you know the strengths and weaknesses one
same
and all powerful nothing also does with a
little success
of security
have good morning and many successes
in your business